Ah!
A waste dares to call himself the temptation of the Li family
It seems
The Li family is on duty
My father is already on his way.
today
You will die
Li Shushan is also here
Just let him come and collect your body, don't you dare
Yeah.
I want you to pay for my son's life
Diandian
Are you all right?
Kill him without me
Good father promises you
Dad promises you everything
I am the proudest of Li Shushan's life
It's not the elite.
But two sons
A considerate seat
Always by my side
That young genius
Broken bones at the age of 18
This is the hope of my Li family
Now they both died at your hands
Four dynasties are irreconcilable
Now that they are all dead
Why don't you go down with them?
The family should be in order
I'm going to kill you.
Buried with my son